https://ctr.fandom.com/wiki/Ring_counts_in_a_SMILES_file#:~:text=One%20way%20to%20compute%20the,the%20most%20chemically%20relevant%20rings.

(NEXTT!!!) Learn to use the JavaFX Scene Builder tool which allows for WAY faster UI iteration and work. Bindings and
event listeners and all that, I will still have to write inside my controller and application business logic. These
can be integrated into the Scene Builder; https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javafxscenebuilder-info.html
    - Next Project: learn to write a JavaFX app the correct way (Using FXML and controllers etc and Scene Builder)

(next) Add a column bakeout feature

(NEXT) Add a current time sensor

(0000000000000) Try to get an interview with Dr. Poole to ask him questions about the LSER model and Abraham's ABSOLV
                data. Consider asking things like:
                (1) Is the ABSOLV data accurate for use in predicting retention times in a GC open tubular system?
                (2) Is your recent data (for example the data from your paper in 2019: "Gas chromatography system
                    constant database over an extended temperature range for nine open-tubular columns") specifically more
                    suited to GC open tubular columns compared to ABSOLV data from Abraham?
                (3) "Abraham and co-workers [23–25] and Carr and co-workers[26–28] realized that the difficulty in
                    applying the solvato-chromic parameters to retention in gas chromatography was that the spectroscopic
                    methods used to assign descriptors to compounds were defined by excited state interactions and not
                    equilibrium free energies responsible for retention in gas chromatography."
                (4) Is there any sense to my idea that, maybe i'd use ABSOLV data, as long as I remove any data that has
                any descriptors whose values are outside the min and max values for each of the descriptors' in your data?
                (5) In your paper, you describe the e and s constants as follows: "The capability of the stationary
                    phase for individual intermolecular interactions are defined as contributions from electron lone pair
                    interactions (the excess dispersion interactions that result from the presence of polarizable
                    electrons), e, interactions of a dipole-type (both orientation and induction), s". Does Abraham
                    define his E,S,A, or L constants differently from you? For example, perhaps he includes induced
                    dipole attractive forces in e instead of s, or something?

(000000000000) Change your underlying data to use several thousand compounds from the ABSOLV database. Just use those.
               These can be accessed using https://www.ufz.de/index.php?en=31698&contentonly=1&m=0&lserd_data[mvc]=Public/start
               or https://www.ufz.de/index.php?en=31698.

(00000000000) Implement feature of elutionTime vertical line indicators on the graph that also have a low-opacity peak
                width region that shows the width of the peak to help visualize resolution/separation. Might as well
                indicate amplitude/height as well.

(0000000000) REMEMBER: When doing the COA validations, the c term is VERY important! Case in point: the SPB-Octyl COA for
             1.0 um film thickness was VERY different than the one for 0.25 um film thickness. Much more closely matched
             my SPB octyl column which is based on 1.0 um film thickness.

(000000000) Implement controllable oven temperature ramp rate that changes how fast nudgeOvenTempUp() works

(00000000) Implement inlet temperature and get boiling point data for each compound. If inlet temp is too far below
           boiling, then this should cause increase in peak tailing index.

(0000000) Implement the explanation of the LSER model using GIFs or atleast diagrams of each of the e, s, a, l constants
          Show molecules which have high e, mid e, low e; high s, mid s, low s etc. That way, hopefully the student can
          understand the LSER model concept of computational chemistry.

(0000000) Implement the Injection flag which is static, and the ElutionTime flags which are dynamically changing. Use
vertical line objects of unique colors and 1 stroke width that follow the ElutionTimes of the injected compounds.

(000000) Provide a "COA Validation" excel spreadsheet for each column (like I've done with SPB Octyl)

(00000) Learn about Mockito

(00000) Implement a column-cutting minigame, column inlet-placement minigame

(00000) Add an integration feature for peak area as well as peak width that can be marked on the linechart

(0000) Add a label for when you hit inject (inserts an arrow onto the linechart coordinate system marking this)

(000) Implement a Column switching feature (and column alert for buying a new one when you destroy it)

(00) Implement a "Sensor" that allows you to watch up to 5 peaks elution time values (SUBSUMED INTO ABOVE)

(0) Use Oracle's guide for implementing javaFX app on the web
 - Deploying JavaFX application 7
 - Make a git branch main and git branch web (the web branch will contain a Jar file, Web Page, Document for the Web)

(0) Implement a "Watch Recent" zoom profile that autozooms to the past 45 seconds and projects into the next 15 seconds.

(0) Implement A filter function for the Inject Window that binds InjectionUIRecord visibility to filtered search terms

(4) Implement a label next to the userInputChemicals that shows the on-column weight of each userInputChemical

(1) Implement the Injection Presets (use an accordion in the left pane of the Inject Button UI)

(3) Add locking and lazy thread initilization to increase performance of Inject Button

X (5) Implement peak response feature. This should be done by turning the molar response factors into a relative scale
    of arbitrary peak areas that are fairly human reading. For example, consider a typical mass that could be injected
    on-column such as 133 ng of methyl octanoate. Methyl octanoate has a molar response factor of ~1. 133 ng of methyl
    octanoate is equal to 8.4e-10 moles of methyl octanoate. It is not very readable to say that the area of methyl
    octanoate is 8.4e-10 arbitrary units of area. It is better to multiply the number of moles by a constant to yield,
    lets say, 500 arbitary units of area. A proportionalityConstant = 5.952e11 * 8.4e-10 moles = 500 peak area units.


X (6) Implement the ExceedingMaxTemp feature
    DONE: Max temp of column can be exceeded and will result in column breaking for all columns in temperature dependent
    rate and manner
    (6)(A) Implement a reduction of the LSER constants based on temp
    (6)(B) Implement a random peak generator for when the column is being destroyed

X (7) columnAdjustedOverloadMass should be implemented.
    (7)(A) Use the overloadMass_1 as described in README.

X (8) A fast forward/FINISH RUN button must be implemented. If the usefulness of this program is that it allows
    the retentionTimes, relative peak areas, to be predicted roughly correctly... it would be nice to go faster and just
    get to the point.

(10) Implement helper tips that show up on the screen when triggered:
    (10)(A) Example: if nearly ALL the peaks are exhibiting peak fronting, suggest using a column with a higher
            sample loading capacity (thicker film) or suggest increasing split ratio or suggest lowering concentration
            on sample.
    (10)(B) Example: if user raises the oven temperature above the column max temperature, the baseline should start to
            get really bad and random peaks should start to generate (broken off pieces of stationary phase). After 10
            seconds of this or so, alert a helper tip that suggests "You may have noticed your baseline is behaving
            really strangely... why do you think this is happening?" then another helper tip 10 seconds later that says
            "Oven Temp has exceeded max column temp! It's been destroyed! Now you will have to beg Dr. Travis for
            hundreds of dollars to replace the column!"
    (10)(C) Make these helper tips toggle on/off capable so user doesn't have to experience them.

(11) Implement "Learning Tip:" feature that is served to user at application startup. Toggle these on/off by preference.
    (11)(A) "Learning Tip: LET'S BREAK STUFF! The DB225 column has a max temp of 240 degrees. Install it, then set the
            oven to 350 and see what happens!"
    (11)(B) "Learning Tip: Ask ChatGPT "Could you describe the intermolecular forces that determine how strongly a
            molecule interacts with the stationary phase in a GC capillary column?"
    (11)(C) ... TOPICS: retention time, peak area, LSER constants, peak shape, why columns have a max temperature, etc.
    (11)(D)
            What is Gas Chromatography-Flame Ionization Detector (GC-FID) and how does it work?
            What are the main components of a GC-FID system and their functions?
            How do sample preparation and injection techniques affect the performance of a GC-FID analysis?
            What are the key parameters to consider when optimizing a GC-FID method for a specific application?
            Can you provide an overview of the most common stationary and mobile phases used in GC-FID?
            How does the Flame Ionization Detector (FID) work, and what are its advantages and limitations?
            What types of compounds can be analyzed using GC-FID, and what are some typical applications of this technique?
            How do you interpret the results obtained from a GC-FID analysis, such as retention times, peak shapes, and area counts?
            What are some common issues and troubleshooting steps in GC-FID analysis, and how can they be resolved?
            How does GC-FID compare to other chromatographic techniques like GC-MS, HPLC, and LC-MS in terms of sensitivity, selectivity, and applications?
            How do temperature control and programming affect separation and detection in GC-FID analysis?
            What are some best practices for maintaining and cleaning a GC-FID system to ensure accurate and consistent results?
            Can you provide examples of industry standards and regulations that involve the use of GC-FID analysis?
            How do different column dimensions, materials, and packing influence the separation efficiency and resolution in GC-FID?
            What is the role of the internal standard in quantitative GC-FID analysis, and how is it selected and used?
            How can peak tailing and other chromatographic anomalies be minimized or corrected in GC-FID analysis?
            What are some derivatization techniques used in GC-FID to improve the detection and analysis of certain compounds?
            How do you determine the limit of detection (LOD) and limit of quantification (LOQ) in a GC-FID method?
            Can you explain how the use of reference materials and quality control samples is important in GC-FID analysis for method validation?
            What are some recent advancements and future trends in the field of GC-FID technology and its applications?

(12) Make sure that if you switch to a new column, get the appropriate values of CURRENT_COLUMN_DAMAGE and REMAINING
     from the columnToDamage HashMap.
    (12)(A) The only way to update the columnToDamage HashMap is the "Buy new Column" button that resets these values to
            0 for the newly purchased column. Make sure that the UI hastles you and references begging Travis for money.

(13) Add a Restart Simulation button

X (14) Implement InjectionMiniGame button